New Project Starter
===================

## Loose overview of New Project setup steps
1. Copy architecture demo source to an empty git repository
2. Commit the initial changes
3. Delete architecture demo specific data (classes, Android resources)
4. Refactor project names in the codebase
5. Update other relevant project data
6. Commit changes
7. Gradual replacement of unused data once project specific data is added (classes, dependencies, Android resources)

## Prerequisites
Things you should have prior to starting the new project setup. These can be changed later but it is better to have them now if possible.

### Immediate
* desired applicationId
* desired packagename

### Optional
* Application icon assets (can replace with generic icons generated by Android Studio until received)

## Detailed New Project Setup steps
**Note: You can search for `TODO: TEMPLATE` comments to see areas of the project that need to be addressed when kicking off a new project. As the areas are addressed in the new project, remove the comments.**

### Copy architecture demo source to an empty git repository
1. Copy the existing files/folders (with the exception of the `.git` folder) into a new, empty git repository.
2. **NOTE 1:** Make sure to copy the `.idea/codeStyles/*` and `.idea/runConfigurations/*` folders into the .idea folder to ensure a consistent project code style is used by the whole dev team as well as the Shared Run Configurations are brought over and shared with the whole dev team.
3. **NOTE 2:** Make sure to copy the `.gitignore` files for the root project and each module (`:app` and `:data`) to ensure that important parts of the .idea folder are checked into the git repository and shared with the whole team.

### Delete architecture demo specific data (classes, Android resources)
* In general, remove all unused Architecture Demo specific Composables, ViewModels, Repositories, and Android resources(layouts, colors, drawables, color drawables, menus, styles, strings, etc). Keep `BaseViewModel` and `Repository (interface)`.
* In the app module specifically, remove `.ui.repository`, `.ui.snippet`, `.ui.user`, `.ui.auth`, and `.ui.home`
* In the data module specifically, remove all Arch Demo specific models in `.data.model` (keep `DomainModel`, `Dto`, `ServerError`, and the `ResponseToApiResultMapper` if you will be using Retrofit), `BitbucketRepository` in `.data.repository` (and `DateTimeAdapter` if you aren't going to need/use it)
* Remove all unit tests covering removed functionality

### Refactor project names in the codebase
* Replace existing applicationId with new applicationId in app `build.gradle.kts` productFlavors block
* Update project build types/variants table application ids in [BEST_PRACTICES.md](BEST_PRACTICES.md)
* Update brand name used for the apk in the app `build.gradle.kts`
* Refactor app and data packagenames, including the values inside both `AndroidManifest.xml` files.
* Refactor `BitbucketApplication` to a brand specific name.
* Adjust project name in `settings.gradle.kts`
* Adjust app name in `strings.xml`
* Perform a project wide string search for `bottle`, `rocket`, and `bitbucket` and refactor any class/comment/file names as needed.

### Update other relevant project data
* Update version number to appropriate starting point if not `1.0.0` in the app `build.gradle.kts`
* Update the `MIN_SDK` value in `Dependencies.kt` (as needed)
* Replace existing `debug.keystore` with a newly generated a new debug keystore (optional). See https://gist.github.com/henriquemenezes/70feb8fff20a19a65346e48786bedb8f#debug-keystore

### Gradual replacement of unused data once project specific data is added (classes, dependencies, Android resources)
* As the new project grows over time, all of the architecture demo specific code and dependencies (relating to bitbucket repository management) should be removed.